@c Variables: bqn-primer BQN Primer Array Programming
\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename bqn-primer.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle BQN Primer Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2022 Christopher Rodriguez

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory Array Programming
@direntry
* BQN Primer: (bqn-primer).   
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The BQN Primer
@author Christopher Rodriguez

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top BQN Primer

This document describes BQN Primer version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                Why BQN Primer?

* Concept Index::               Concepts Used, and Where.
* Programming Index::           Functions, Variables, Etc.

* Procedure Types::             Data, Calculations, and Actions.
* GNU FDL::                     The License for this Manual.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Introduction
@c add other sections with subsections as above.

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction, Concept Index, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction
I am starting to write this as I am beginning to learn the BQN
programming language.
@menu

@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Concept Index, Programming Index, Introduction, Top
@chapter Concept Index
@printindex cp

@c *********************************************************************
@node Programming Index, Procedure Types, Concept Index, Top
@chapter Programming Index
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex vr fn
@printindex fn

@c *********************************************************************
@node Procedure Types, GNU FDL, Programming Index, Top
@cindex Procedure Types
@include procedure-types.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@node GNU FDL, , Procedure Types, Top
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@cindex license, GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@bye
